                ********************************************                 
                ** Unified Debian MPF Installer Version 1 **
                ** 12/10/2014                             **
                ********************************************

This is the Debian installer for the Mission Pinball Framework for use with the 
P-ROC, P3, and FAST pinball controllers. It will not work for non-Debian distros
or any other pinball controller hardware (but we'll have installers for those, 
too). Please note that this DOES NOT INCLUDE pyprocgame, since that is the part 
that MPF replaces. It does, however, include all the components to connect MPF 
to the P-ROC, P3, and FAST controllers, which includes libpinproc (the C 
drivers) and pypinproc (the C code that exposes the libpinproc methods to 
python) or, in the case of FAST, libfastpinball.

1. Some packages never seemed to install properly when pulled using apt-get. 
These packages have been included with this kit and are compiled / installed by 
the script. 

2. Rather than include libpinproc, pypinproc, libfastpinball and MPF in the kit,
they are downloaded automatically from git (the coders call this "cloning"). 
When you start the script, you'll be prompted to choose dev or master. This 
applies to all clone operations, so if you want to mix and match, you'll need to
edit the commands in the script, replacing the $BRANCH variable in the line with
the branch you want.

3, If you're using the PD-LED driver board for P-ROC or P3, you should use the 
dev branch. Otherwise, it shouldn't matter too much. dev is pretty stable, so 
you could probably just get away with that.

4. Certain components, like libfastpinball and MPF are only in one branch, so 
you don't get the choice. The script has been hardcoded to get the proper bits.

5. This script is for Debian and Debian derivatives (Ubuntu, Xubuntu, Kubuntu, 
etc...) only, but has been tested on traditional i386, x86_64, and ODROID & 
Raspberry Pi builds (arm_hf), including different OS versions.

// USAGE //

./install

Unlike the original, this script requires a reboot. There is a permissions rule 
that must be read at boot to allow non-root users access to the ftdi driver. 
Additionally, there are environment variables that are defined during the 
install that are needed afterwards. Without running 'source ~/.bashrc' or 
rebooting, these environment variables won't be loaded. Rebooting kills two 
birds with one stone.

It is not necessary (or advised) to run this as root, though you will be 
prompted to enter a root password right away. Running this script as a normal 
user ensures that environment variables are created in the proper location. 
Environment variables are set only for the user that is running the script. 
If for some reason your machine is going to run the pinball code under a 
different username, you will need to copy the "export" lines from ~/.bashrc to 
the .bashrc file for that user. too.
